the suitcases had left and the
First people had met
wonderful and all the ideas we have
before all are optimal
The hotel has encountered the stand
the terrace water wonderful
our room is a family room with
from zwickau two small children very much
clean very neat comfortable with balcony
separate rooms so seascape easy
Perfect for us as well
family we have the optimal variant
then have breakfast and dinner
completely balanced for everyone
Find
all tastes hit group i
do not miss anything
yes , I can only confirm very much
Balanced the food varied
evening there are different warm
things tasty salads to on the
large buffet set up
appeals a lot
the service is really good you are
very attentively notice things
so that you did not notice too powerful
with the children again very much
child-friendly, not bad
if the kids are still a bit
misbehave or if something with
so optimal is really very much
very nice
I find the three stars more than
justified so I would have it from
three stars turkey i would not have it
as expected as we found it
absolutely not completely satisfied